README.md, before:

## Warning
This component requires that the custom Jumbo components to be installed:
More information: https://github.com/peternijssen/home-assistant-jumbo

## Installation

Use [HACS](https://hacs.xyz) or follow this [guide](https://github.com/thomasloven/hass-config/wiki/Lovelace-Plugins)

```yaml
resources:
  url: /local/jumbo-card.js
  type: module
```

## Configuration options
Option          		| Values        | Default   | Details
--              		| -             | -     	| -
time_slots_delivery 	| `sensor` 		| 			| The sensor that contains the Jumbo deliverie timeslots, it not defined its not visible.
time_slots_delivery_days| `int` 		| `99` 		| Define of how many days of timeslots should be displayed.
time_slots_pickup 		| `sensor` 		| 			| The sensor that contains the Jumbo pickup timeslots, it not defined its not visible.
time_slots_pickup_days 	| `int` 		| `99` 		| Define of how many days of timeslots should be displayed.
deliveries 				| `sensor` 		| 			| The sensor that contains the Jumbo deliveries, it not defined its not visible.
basket 					| `sensor` 		| 			| The sensor that contains the Jumbo basket, it not defined its not visible.


## Example config:

```type: 'custom:jumbo-card'
time_slots_delivery: sensor.jumbo_time_slots
time_slots_delivery: 2
deliveries: sensor.jumbo_orders
basket: sensor.jumbo_basket
```


## Example image:
![Test Image 1](https://github.com/Voxxie/lovelace-jumbo-card/blob/master/images/Examplecard.png)

## Contributors
* [Hans Vos](https://github.com/Voxxie)

Commit message:

Renames pick up variables to match component
Renames pick up variables to match component

README.md, after:

## Warning
This component requires that the custom Jumbo components to be installed:
More information: https://github.com/peternijssen/home-assistant-jumbo

## Installation

Use [HACS](https://hacs.xyz) or follow this [guide](https://github.com/thomasloven/hass-config/wiki/Lovelace-Plugins)

```yaml
resources:
  url: /local/jumbo-card.js
  type: module
```

## Configuration options
Option          		| Values        | Default   | Details
--              		| -             | -     	| -
time_slots_delivery 	| `sensor` 		| 			| The sensor that contains the Jumbo deliverie timeslots, it not defined its not visible.
time_slots_delivery_days| `int` 		| `99` 		| Define of how many days of timeslots should be displayed.
time_slots_pick_up 		| `sensor` 		| 			| The sensor that contains the Jumbo pickup timeslots, it not defined its not visible.
time_slots_pick_up_days | `int` 		| `99` 		| Define of how many days of timeslots should be displayed.
deliveries 				| `sensor` 		| 			| The sensor that contains the Jumbo deliveries, it not defined its not visible.
pick_ups 				| `sensor` 		| 			| The sensor that contains the Jumbo pick ups, it not defined its not visible.
basket 					| `sensor` 		| 			| The sensor that contains the Jumbo basket, it not defined its not visible.


## Example config:

```type: 'custom:jumbo-card'
time_slots_delivery: sensor.jumbo_delivery_time_slots
time_slots_delivery_days: 2
time_slots_pick_up: sensor.jumbo_pick_up_time_slots
time_slots_pick_up_days: 2
deliveries: sensor.jumbo_delivery
pick_ups: sensor.jumbo_pick_up
basket: sensor.jumbo_basket
```

## Example image:
![Test Image 1](https://github.com/Voxxie/lovelace-jumbo-card/blob/master/images/Examplecard.png)

## Contributors
* [Hans Vos](https://github.com/Voxxie)
